Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits”
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bay-gulls!
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=io463PJQsl0
